README.md, before:

# Youtube-Video-Generator-Bot (Formerly Named Video-Audio-Combiner)
By Adrian Tarantino ([@AdrianTheHacker](https://github.com/AdrianTheHacker))
<br>[Last Updated August 16, 2023]

This is a program that combines audio to a video. The main goal of this project is to make a fully autonomous youtube bot to generate videos.

## Features
The following table indicates all features of the project, as well as the estimated and actual times to complete.

Feature | Deadline | Completion Date
--------|----------|----------------
Video Audio Combiner | August 17, 2023 | N/A
Randomized Background Song Choosing | August 18, 2023 | N/A
Bulk Video Creator | August 20, 2023 | N/A
Video Uploader | August 30, 2023 | N/A
Video Subtitles | September 4, 2023 | N/A

## Tech-Bro Stuff
### Tools Used
1. [Python](https://www.python.org/)
    * This was the language used for coding the project.
2. [MoviePy](https://zulko.github.io/moviepy/)
    * This is a python library used for both editing videos, and audio.

Commit message:

Updating project vision and project goals

README.md, after:

# Youtube-Video-Generator-Bot (Formerly Named Video-Audio-Combiner)
By Adrian Tarantino ([@AdrianTheHacker](https://github.com/AdrianTheHacker))
<br>[Last Updated August 17, 2023]

Over the past year I've seen many different channels on youtube upload simple shorts form videos that involved telling a story (often using text-to-speech bots) paired with background footage (usually a video game like Minecraft or Rocket League). I figured I could build a program to fully automate this process and allow users to grow a channel completely autonomously.

## Features
The table below indicates features of the project as well as both the projected time of completion and the actual time of completion.

Feature | Deadline | Completion Date
--------|----------|----------------
Convert text into an mp3 using text-to-speech | August 19, 2023 | N/A
Getting short segment of background video from stock footage | August 21, 2023 | N/A
Combining mp3 file with video from stock footage | August 22, 2023 | N/A
Uploading newly created video to youtube (Proof of concept 1.0) | August 26, 2023 | N/A
Adding subtitles over top of video (Proof of concept 1.5) | August 30, 2023 | N/A


# Old Project Vision
This is a program that combines audio to a video. The main goal of this project is to make a fully autonomous youtube bot to generate videos.

## Features
The following table indicates all features of the project, as well as the estimated and actual times to complete.

Feature | Deadline | Completion Date
--------|----------|----------------
Video Audio Combiner | August 17, 2023 | August 16, 2023
Randomized Background Song Choosing | August 18, 2023 | N/A
Bulk Video Creator | August 20, 2023 | N/A
Video Uploader | August 30, 2023 | N/A
Video Subtitles | September 4, 2023 | N/A

## Tech-Bro Stuff
### Tools Used
1. [Python](https://www.python.org/)
    * This was the language used for coding the project.
2. [MoviePy](https://zulko.github.io/moviepy/)
    * This is a python library used for both editing videos, and audio.
